Add a warning about the currency conversion enrichment (#434)
snowplow/documentation: docs/enriching-your-data/available-enrichments/currency-conversion-enrichment/index.md

sidebar_position: 2
---

This enrichment uses [Open Exchange Rates](https://openexchangerates.org/) to convert the currencies used in transactions. It requires an Open Exchange Rates account and API key.

When transactional data is collected in multiple currencies, it can be useful to convert it in the one that is used for reporting for instance. This could help to lower discrepancies when reporting revenue amounts across multiple currencies.

:::caution Limitations

This is an older and less actively maintained enrichment, and as such it has several limitations.

> * **It can only use the exchange rates from the end of the preceding day.** (As opposed to, say, the rates on the morning of the day when the event is processed.)

Reviewer: More specifically, it uses the exchange rate of the day proceeding the event's collector_tstamp.

> * **It can only use the exchange rates from the end of the preceding day.** (As opposed to, say, the rates on the morning of the day when the event is processed.)

Author: ```suggestion
* **It can only use the exchange rates from the end of the day prior to the event’s `collector_tstamp`.** It does not support same-day morning rates or different timestamp fields.
```

> * **It can only use the exchange rates from the end of the day prior to the event’s `collector_tstamp`.** It does not support same-day morning rates or different timestamp fields.

Reviewer: Isn't same-day morning rate the same thing as end-of-day prior?  I thought markets opened where they finished the previous day?  Forgive my ignorance, I don't know much about exchange rates!

Author: I am actually not sure, saw some conflicting info. I’ll change to a different example

> * **It can only use the exchange rates from the end of the day prior to the event’s `collector_tstamp`.** It does not support same-day morning rates or different timestamp fields.

Author: ```suggestion
* **It can only use the exchange rate from the end of the day prior to the event’s `collector_tstamp`.** You can’t apply a different rate (e.g. the one in effect when the event occurred), and you can’t pick a different timestamp field (e.g. `dvce_sent_tstamp`).
```

| `accountType` | Level of Open Exchange Rates account. Must be “developer”, “enterprise”, or “unlimited”. |
| `apiKey` | Open Exchange Rates API key |
| `baseCurrency` | Currency to convert all transaction values to |

> | `rateAt` | Determines which exchange rate will be used. **Currently only “EOD_PRIOR” is supported**, meaning that the enrichment uses the exchange rate from the end of the previous day. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `rateAt` | Determines which exchange rate will be used. **Currently only “EOD_PRIOR” is supported**, meaning that the enrichment uses the exchange rate from the end of the day prior to the event’s `collector_tstamp`. |
```
